Add Bonus Guide: Installation ThunderHub (#735)
raspibolt/raspibolt: bonus/lightning/index.md

## Liquidity management (rebalancing)
* **[Balance of Satoshis](balance-of-satoshis.md)** - a tool to rebalance your channels and set up a LN node monitoring Telegram bot

> ## Node management

Reviewer: I propose we move this entry under "Dashboard & Wallets", and under the heading "GUI - Web". The Lightning Terminal bonus guide would also be placed under this "GUI - Web" sub-heading.

"GUI - Web" or "GUI - Browser"? not sure which ine would be the more semantically meaningful..

Author: agreed, that makes sense. I used "GUI - Web"

> * **[Thunderhub](thunderhub.md)** - a browser interface to mange all parts of your LN node like forwarding fees, channel opening/closeing, usage of lnurl and much more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[ThunderHub](thunderhub.md)** - a browser interface to manage all parts of your LN node like forwarding fees, channel opening/closing, usage of lnurl and much more.
```

Fixing a couple of typos

Author: typos fixed
